hey guys welcome to another exciting
episode of movie clips instant trailer
reviews show I'm Jimmy I'm Andy I'm Ryan
and today we are reviewing the new thor
the dark world trailer actually
something new one it's the only one the
first one number one or the dark world
and he's our new intern we had him
battle to the death with jacob and he
came out on top now I'll be honest with
you I'm a huge ham floor I like that
movie only second to the amount of
fandom that my significant other
girlfriend has 4th or you mean Chris
Hemsworth no I mean just the movie
Thor's oh really well dude this is
asking to Chris anything I think it has
guess I'm do I get a group of guys to
get them together go get them you can't
you can't stop door thank you this is
weird they're flipping over an oil
tanker now remember now if you look no
it actually looks more like a cement
truck doesn't it its erection if you
look though the cement part is the only
part not rotating which means that even
though they have this magical power the
cement is still going to harden so what
good is that it's actually the actually
it actually is rotating it's just an
optical illusion caused the trouble it's
like I know it's like the way that
remembering Thor says that they come
from a place where magic and science of
the same yeah we're on earth magic and
science are two different things so
unfortunately for Natalie Portman
Poorman staying in a movie and being
contractually obligated or not the same
I don't know why everyone's name Natalie
Portman some grease for this movie I
love Natalie Portman I love her in the
first movie but there was this is really
intense I don't know why there was a
little bit of onset or behind the scenes
tension because she wanted patty Jenkins
to direct it I changs left and now the
Corbin was like I'm out of here and
Marvel's like allegedly allegedly the
weird thing is that this has happened
three times in the past year with Marvel
where a director had creative
differences with Marvel and ended up
leaving the project because of that well
it can't all be as easy as Favreau I
guess yeah yeah I think it's a good
thing yeah I'm for all intents purposes
mono no aware what is the thing this is
now yeah apparently this is basically a
giant record player yeah England is
being attacked I jive records the needle
but this is our the first kind of its
plans mechanical music of destruction of
of you know the new tech I'm not tech
the new magical stuff yeah because
apparently a lot of this movie takes
place I'm a different realm
well and it's that's France is a friend
I'm just gonna look at the architecture
all right Jimmy say in France it's
probably something very hold on we just
got to say that was kat dennings who's
in the first one that's our first view
of all right the lovely kat dennings I
don't know her personally I like her I
know kat dennings is not friends so
their store there he is now look at how
loaded this look is there just looking
at each other oh yeah this is the post
time I seen each other probably noticed
since Avengers they were in a crowded
place like coming home from war look
yeah they were in a crowded place now
they're the only two because okay
emotionally they're the only two
actually you're telling me he just lands
in the middle of nowhere so that's like
a warehouse and the other one has like
what's she doing there columns and stuff
but look big play it like its it now get
out again then he's like that's the same
place so there are people but not not
when they're looking at each other kat
dennings that's love I'm hoping I'm not
kidding part of me is hoping that this
this movie is like a romantic like
relationship movie because they're
realizing they're from different worlds
and like can they make it work okay
Lorna what we're about to get into there
are three there are three different
storylines they should have gotten juice
laundry different storylines that
involve Jane Foster Thor comics okay
sure going can't all of them which are
all of them more or less she has the one
all of them more or less have one
similar theme which is that Jane Foster
goes to Asgard and is bestowed with the
knowledge and power of the gods so not
only so she's given like this this
godlike status by proxy yeah no bubble
by Odin Odin Odin bustos this apartment
but both yeah I hear it's not a proceeds
out person so I guess oh there's there's
there's three different scenarios from
here though one is that she is she is
stripped of her power sent back to earth
and she falls in love with a doctor some
guy who basically is a look-alike dead
ringer for Thor who now that's
interesting
from relationship end and she's like
under a curse and she can't like realize
it the other is that she and Thor alter
ego Thor has an alter ego called dr.
Keith Kincaid not kidding Keith Kincaid
and Thor are having this love triangle
with Jane Foster she's got to figure out
oh god which ones which wich one switch
and she finally ink and she finally
tells all I'm in love with the other
this is like that's watchin you've been
in love with both of us now yes then
well let me ask you a question now I'm
just gonna this is just a hypothetical
and comment about this in the in the
comment section because i'm very curious
if you had an alter ego and you were in
a love triangle with your alter ego and
the girl like a secret identity yeah
maybe not necessarily the girl the other
counterpart in the in the love triangle
was like Jimmy I'm in love with the
other one even though that's you would
you still be hurt yeah I would be I
wouldn't know I absolutely women have
been in love with me the other me doll
time finish is that the real you which
one's the real you you know is she just
in love with the doctor cuz he's like a
noble profession and she's like how long
does this bike home with a cleanse
what are you gonna do with that hammer
in 60 years she's in love with the use
it isn't you all right well anyway it's
the phone with you there did my identity
and final scenario is that that Jane
Foster is sad well we got a positive oh
sorry sorry that's that's an important
piece of this puzzle Jane Foster is like
in a suicidal state said it was bad I
don't think that's the consent she's
been sent back to earth and sif right
here mostly well jaimie alexander Thor's
long-lost childhood love who's been
reunited with Thor and Odin the saying
you got to marry this chick oh and Jane
Foster is about to die and SIF merges
herself for her soul with Jane Foster so
I were just looking to me like it's
gonna be the most most plausible
scenario i find it unfair that Jane
Foster has to choose between one person
in different identities and Thor has to
choose between no one's when there's two
people involved well Thor has to make
the ultimate sacrifice in this movie
which is that he has to
love with me here we see I mean
something I think something was really
seriously wrong is gonna happen to Jane
Foster she's been asked it said the plot
synopsis says she's gonna have to make
the ultimate sacrifice to do what is
right for the good of the many whoa not
just for the good of himself okay so
there's some there's some of the also
detect that looks like a corresponds
with what crashes in England yeah it's
definitely now I'll be really excited to
see saw she looks like a Cylon ship it
does kind of like a salad but that's not
here another I'm very excited to see
some of the world's because I loved one
of my favorite set pieces on Thor was
when they went to the cross yeah the
first Giants yeah the process that's
right Thor 2 is gonna be faced more in
like right there in the like Viking it's
gonna be more organic Viking feels sort
of like the science fictiony do more
elemental yeah if they will I think
that's the word that Andy the intro to
that was good that's a good addition
thank you yeah there's a lot more like
big battles in this the first one it's
like he battles low key on the Rainbow
Bridge yeah and they fight some frost
giants back there it looks like the eye
of sauron it's possibly involved I don't
know is that in canon I would ask you
know it's kind of tough day Bruce la
russa back yeah thank God yeah I thought
I actually very much like Rene Russo um
hopefully in this one Anthony Hopkins is
not in Odin sleep the whole movie no he
won't be good so they're stiff again
right now she SIF is in this also
Fandral who's one of the three that Thor
is like really friends with was no wait
is that true I'm sorry that may not
actually be accurate is that accurate
that's right sorry if it's not accurate
just make fun of me down there but
Fandral the actor had to drop out
because he's on the show once by the
time and they were listen with their
original choice who's Zachary Levi from
Chuck who's a very very charming actor
I'm excited to see him in a row like
this here you can hear him talking about
what you believe he's attractive eyes
that bad guy i believe is crisp play by
Chris Eccleston and his name is very
very Norse give me a second um keep
talking oh it's malik if the accursed
good that's all bad that's quite that's
why that's quite a name go back a little
bit cuz this is where we were I think
this is gonna be the biggest you know
kind of my decision of the the movie the
rocks of the point if you will Oh should
he save Jane Foster or just wait until
she combines another girl ugh like it
looks no cuz it seems to me like he has
the ability right now tie the defeat
this guy or save Jane Foster but it's
eaten either or yeah I thank you sound
like a batman forever like situation
yeah look that voiceover world into door
now this is the payoff the trailer this
is the big thing now I didn't know that
they cast any better in this movie yeah
but it was really exciting he's so
creepy looking at oh my so Tom
Hiddleston will return is lucky that I'm
sorry I love Tom Hiddleston I like
low-key as a character but when you see
that those luscious locks and then they
cut the tom hiddleston Sarah it looks
ridiculous well he I mean look the guy's
been he's a little i know but like
that's a little overkill don't you think
now in case a lot no they don't really
talk climbing adventures but low key
this is actually not Loki's true form he
really is a frost giant he's a baby oh
he's a frost giant shapeshifter whoa
Jimmy in case you don't remember I do
remember i do remember cuz he do things
in thor and they found out that he was
adopted yeah and he was pleased academic
brought he was a baby frost shine right
Anthony Hopkins want to answer for
himself but he was a known in sleep yeah
so I mean I love I think I think I
really like the first Thor I know that
people have problems with it I've talked
to them this morning um I think it's a
really fun movie I'm a big fan of this
trailer I'm a big fan of Loki now i'm
gonna say as a trailer i'm not a huge
fan pros of the trailer i give it a give
it thumbs up pros of the trailers that i
like the footage I like the world okay
ton's are the trailer is that I don't
think the trailer is very necessarily
well put together okay Andy what say you
I mean I'm I'm on the same page as Ryan
I think it looks good I'm excited to see
it i like the characters now i'll say
this pros of the trailer it's the first
look of this film i'm excited for it
mm-hmm I think the destruction looks a
lot better because one of the things
that I did have a problem with in the
first or movie is that it's such a small
scale I mean it's it's based in this
town in you know New Mexico and it's
just yeah I mean you can tell the town
was actually like a set yeah because
it's like 20 feet wide by 50 feet long
yeah
tiniest little thing so the stakes don't
really seem too high there for me but I
think the importance of the first storm
we cannot be overlooked because Loki is
the loki loki is the linchpin in the
avengers movie so I mean right I mean it
really sets up a lot for the marvel
universe and it there's a lot of things
that about the Avengers that couldn't
have happened without doors and we're
moving into Phase two of the Marvel
Universe and they're a lot of these
movies as Andy said they're kind of
losing directors but they're getting new
directors for the sequels which is kind
of cool because it means that the face
too might have a completely different
feel than phase one and Joss Whedon will
be kind of the thing that brings it all
together and I'm unifying force I I know
that dizzy now owns marvel and also but
I am I'm truly hoping that with their
recent acquisition of Lucas they treat
kind of star wars in a very similar way
where you have and I did from the sounds
of it okay we're gonna have the big
tentpole Avengers type episode movies
called by you know the bit player like
Han Solo story of both story whatever
whether those are prequels or sequels or
new new original films i hope i hope
that kind of takes good what they're
doing I'm excited about the movie not
crazy about the trailer but I'm glad
that we got I learned a lot from you
Jimmy here yeah about it so I'm key I
bet if i bitched mythology audience I
bet you did too so comment below let us
know what do you think are excited about
thor the dark world do you think it's a
good trailer if if someone shows your
alter ego instead of you would you be
hurt or just happy i'm still going i'd
be really hurt yeah you're pretty good
my alter ego would be okay by the way I
just want to point out one thing I know
you didn't see in the trailer but that
old dogs Dawnstar skarsgard he'll be
back so don't you worry is he is he in
it he's back thank God I'm wary of them
to the Avengers man great guy great
super excited so anyway thank you for
watching I'm Ryan I'm Andy I'm Jimmy see
you next time
touch